{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20240\viewh14300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This program calculates fingerprinting\
\
\
1) Fingerprinting attempts to match connectomes from the same person based on Pearson correlation\
\
See Finn et al 2015\
Functional connectome fingerprinting: identifying individuals using patterns of brain connectivity\
\
\
2) Setup\
In order to use this, you need a folder with all your connectomes. See the example data\
\
The connectomes must be .csv files. The program assumes all .csv files in the connectome folder are connectomes of interest\
\
You need multiple connectomes from your participants. At least 2. It\'92s fine if not all participants have more than 1 connectome, those can still serve as potential false matches for other scans\
\
The connectomes must be correlation matrices, where the index column matches the column headers. The names themselves can be whatever you want (e.g., parcel1, parcel2, parcel3; or 1,2,3; or acc, caud, tp) as long as index matches headers\
\
The connectomes must follow this naming convention: participant + some separator symbol + whatever else + .csv\
e.g., if the separator is an underscore: subject-001_ses-1_movie-1.csv\
Then your files from subject 1 could be:\
subject-001_ses-1_movie-1.csv\
subject-001_ses-1_resting.csv\
subject-001_ses-2_movie-2.csv\
subject-001_doesn\'92tmatterwhatshere.csv\
or whatever. As long as the first part of the file name is the part that\'92s consistent within a participant, and the separator comes after that. The separator can show up again later in the file name. The separator can be more than 1 string. The example data would work just as well if separator was \'91_ses\'92\
\
\
3) Running\
Edit the python script to change the variables at the top\
connectomefolder = the folder with all the connectomes\
nameseparator = what separates subject ID from the rest of their file name\
fisherz = whether you want to fisher z transform your data. True or False. I recommend True, but it doesn\'92t really matter\
\
Once those are set, just run the script\
\
Maybe test it first with only a handful of connectomes, cause the more connectomes, the slower this program will be\
\
The outputs tell you if a scan matched (1) or failed to match (0). If you have 3 or more scans from the same participant, then this program tests if all self-stability scores are higher than all similarity-to-other scores. If the subj1-scan1 has a high correlation with subj1-scan2 but a low correlation with subj-scan3, then there might be one match and one miss, giving a match score of 1/2 or 0.5.\
Self-stability is the average similarity to connectomes from the same participant\
Similarity-to-others is the average similarity to connectomes from other participants\
Individualization is the difference between self-stability and similarity-to-others\
\
\
4) Contact\
Made by Kirk Graff. kirk.graff@ucalgary.ca\
I\'92m a crappy programmer; if you are unsatisfied with this script, double your money back\
\
}